Description of the Mandriva/Mageia scripts for OpenERP RPM builds.

Note: (before you make the question) These scripts have originally been
written in order to build Mandriva RPMS. However, they could be reused
for any RPM-based distro, or even a non-RPM-based one (parts of them).

The scripts are based on git. This means they assume that you have your
source code in git, somewhere. Still, they /could/ work for standalone
archives, using the 'tar' method.
These scripts need the pfn-gitbuild scripts. Even if not building
directly from a git repo. 

There are 2 source preparation methods: source archive (aka. tar) and 
cloning. The first one tries to generate a tar.gz from the sources (one
file that contains server, client, addons etc.), and then uses that
file as the source for an ordinary RPM build. This way we can have a
SRPM, too.
With the 'clone' method, the scripts just git-clone the source and its
submodules. Using that may not produce a SRPM (no real source archive),
but is considerably faster (~3min at least, it's 700MB), because 
successive builds will only update the cloned git repos.

Theoretically, the archive method can be detached from git and build
from the SRPM (still maybe some corners to fix).

We handle the whole OpenERP build as one procedure, including server, 
client, addons etc.
However, the addons need a separate command. The reason is that after
the openerp repo has been cloned/setup, special spec files are generated
for the addons, extra-addons and koo-addons (and any other addons we
may add in the future). So, these spec files will need us to re-issue
the rpmbuild command for them.
Hint: after "rpmbuild -bp SPECS/openerp.spec" (and before any further
build), you can issue the "rpmbuild -b? SPECS/openerp-addons.spec" and
shortcut to build the addons. Same for extra-addons, koo-addons.

At the addons (the main, only, so far), there is a "server_modules.list"
file. This contains a plain list of modules that should be _included_
in the server package, rather than be built into separate packages. 
Please update that list with your choice of modules that any server rpm
has to contain (but be strict in what you include there).



